Jack bends wire to create unique
sculptures He bent a large piece into a
tree shape last week and has bent
countless wires for his art.
His dog sometimes bites his materials playfully.
It bit a rubber tube yesterday but has
bitten nothing important so far.
The wind blows strongly in Jack's outdoor studio.
It blew his sketches away last month and
has blown through his workspace all summer.
Occasionally, a balloon in Jack's
installations bursts unexpectedly.
One burst during an exhibition opening
last night and has burst twice this week.
He catches falling objects skillfully.
He caught a delicate glass piece mid -air
yesterday and has caught many items
before they could break.
Jack deals with challenges creatively.
He dealt with a supply shortage last year
and has dealt with various obstacles
throughout his career.
Jack digs in his garden for inspiration.
He dug up some interesting rocks last
spring and has dug many holes for his
outdoor sculptures.
He fights to preserve local art spaces.
He fought against a gallery closure last
month and has fought for artists' rights
for years.
Jack hangs his works carefully.
He hung a major piece in the City Museum
last week and has hung exhibitions in
various venues.
When working on surprises, Jack hides his creations.
He hid a large sculpture under a tarp
yesterday and has hidden many works in
progress from Curious Eyes.
Jack miles from